in today's video we will go through the
events of 2019's horror sci-fi the
silence spoilers ahead you have been
warned make sure to give this video a
thumbs up comment on what your favorite
part was and subscribe to our channel
for more
the movie starts as some excavators
hammer the inside of a cave in a cave
system in pennsylvania while they dig
through the cave they discover an
expansive chamber they inform their team
about a discovery when suddenly a fleet
of deadly creatures attack them blood
splatters everywhere when the bird-like
creatures fly around flapping their
wings
ali is a deaf teenage girl living in
montclair new jersey she is walking down
the street watching something on her
tablet a group of boys mocks her in sign
language but she ignores them ali's
father hugh anders and his friend glenn
are engineers they finish their meeting
with a client after which hugh tells
glenn about ali's plan to go to nyu hugh
then receives a call from his wife kelly
who tells him about ally being mocked by
some boys in the school her parents are
worried for her ally lives with her
grandmother lynn her little brother jude
and her parents
that day ali is walking home from school
when her friend rob covers her eyes from
behind
rob tells her about him going to buy a
new car this coming weekend he promises
ally to pick her up daily they walk back
together hand in hand rob seems to like
ally when ally reaches home she greets
kelly and lin kelly asks her why she's
late ally answers that she was with rob
and they both walked home together kelly
suspects that rob might be ally's
boyfriend so she asks her if she has
kissed him ally assures her they are
just friends
suddenly ally hears a ringing tone in
her ears she goes by the window and
looks at the sky the family enjoys
dinner together that night
after dinner while ali strolls in the
backyard she finds lynn smoking lynne
requests ali not to tell her mom about
it on her way to her room ali sees her
parents arguing she then lays in her bed
watching something on her tablet when
hugh enters the room he asks her about
rob she tells him that her mom freaked
out without any reason and dismisses it
he expresses that they are worried about
her when hugh asks her if rob is a nice
guy she informs him that he is learning
sign language hugh then assures her that
she can talk to him about anything and
leaves
at three in the morning kelly wakes ally
up she goes out to see the whole family
in the living room hugh is on the phone
with someone and looks tense they watch
the news on tv glenn arrives at their
house too the news says that the cities
of pittsburgh and philadelphia have been
hit by something the news first said it
to be a terrorist and later a chemical
attack no one knows what is happening
glenn suggests changing the channel the
news reporter on the other channel tells
about the strange creatures known as
vespe that escape from a cave in
pennsylvania in a large number and are
easily provoked by loud noises a drastic
scene in the television shows a woman
showing a signboard that says don't make
noise while the creatures screech and
squeal in the background
all of a sudden a loud noise startles
everyone they see fighter planes in the
sky the family then agrees to follow the
instructions about not making noises but
they plan to leave their house and go
someplace safe
they start packing their stuff in the
car glenn also takes some firearms and
ammunition with him jude drives with
glenn and hugh follows them in another
car with the rest of the family they
also take their dog otis
in another part of the city several
people are trapped in the subway
terrified of the creature they are all
silent but just then a baby starts
crying a man takes the baby away from
the mother to get her outside but the
mother insists on leaving with the baby
she takes the child and gets out of the
train
soon the baby's pacifier drops and she
starts crying the creatures fly towards
the woman and her baby as she tries to
run away
meanwhile ali talks to rob as they drive
away from the city they promise to stay
in touch with each other until this
creature crisis is over
after a while they stop at a gas station
ally takes her dog to pee when it
suddenly starts barking at a man with a
shotgun the man fires his gun and tells
him to make the dog stop barking at him
he then tries to rob him and asks hugh
to give him his car key
just as he was about to hand over his
keys glenn shoots the man on his legs
and the family drives off
the following day ali tells kelly about
the vesps and how they escaped they all
hit huge traffic on their way glenn and
hugh change their course and drive
off-road glenn leads the way and hugh
follows
suddenly a large flock of tears crosses
glenn's path forcing him to turn the car
drops off a small cliff in a forest and
he gets trapped inside glenn asks you to
leave him and move on to be safe from
the creatures kelly tries calling help
but the phone has no signal hugh tries
freeing him but he cannot
in the end he promises glenn that he
would find a cutter and come back to
free him as the family drives off the
dog starts barking suddenly a vesp
attacks their car it strikes in the car
window while the dog barks at it soon
many other vesps attack their car glenn
hears the creature squealing and starts
firing his gun to distract them they all
then fly to him hearing the gunshots he
shoots the vesps that attack him but
ultimately is killed by them hugh and
the family listen to him screaming
the vesps flock return as they hear the
dog barking hugh decides to let the dog
go as ally cries of dismay they all then
remain silent and sit in the car
after some time hugh tells the family
that he needs to try something and gets
out of the car
suddenly lynn starts coughing because of
her asthma the sound of cough draws a
vesp to the car again hugh then throws a
tire iron in another direction to draw
away the vest he enters the car and
tells the family that the creatures
cannot see
ali tells him that they all know sign
language and they can speak without
making sounds
unable to use their vehicle due to its
noise hugh asks for linslider and goes
to glenn's car he lights the car on fire
and the rumbling fire sound attracts all
the vesps the family then decides to
hike through the forest and find shelter
for the night they hike for a while and
take some rest
soon jude finds a cabin in the middle of
the forest while looking from his
binoculars they all head towards the
cabin it is already dark when they reach
there they approach the cabin and try
opening the door but the door starts
making a sound from bells attached a
woman comes out with a gun asking the
family to leave
all of a sudden she is attacked by a
flock of vesps and she gets killed
soon the family finds a tunnel to get
through the fence hugh cross through the
fence to get to the other side he gets
through and looks inside the cabin then
signals the others to come while the
vesps feed on the owner woman the family
crawls inside the tunnel when suddenly a
rattlesnake appears in front of jude the
vesps are attracted to the sound and
they start biting kelly immediately hugh
turns on a wood chipper that draws the
swarm of vesps to their death
the family then enters the cabin kelly
is injured from the bites they all start
treating kelly's injury the wound looks
bad
later that night kelly and jude fall
asleep hugh and lynn drink and ally
calls rob again she finds that the
situation at robs is getting worse he
tells her that his family is dead she
tells rob to come to her but the call
disconnects the next day kelly's wound
gets worse lynn tells hugh and ali that
kelly's wound needs to be treated with
antibiotics soon or it will spread
through her body
hugh and ali then take off to find
medical supplies nearby and jude stays
with lynn and kelly hugh then opens the
fence's gate trying not to make any
sound ally and he both get out of the
fence to see many vesps flying around in
the sky they all have gathered in the
electric grids and are squealing making
strange noises
soon hugh and ally reach a town there
are no people in the town ally and hugh
find a pharmacy and try getting inside
they try going in from the back when a
strange man follows them and watches
them from outside
hugh collects the medical supplies when
ali finds the eggs of the vesps about to
hatch
soon a flock of vesps enters the
pharmacy hugh and ally light a fire to a
cleaning mop the vesps screech and roar
more intensely hugh distracts the vest
by activating the fire sprinklers and
escapes the pharmacy with alley soon
after they get out the man following
them approaches and tells them he is a
reverend he asks them to join his flock
named the hushed the man doesn't have a
tongue ali and hugh dismiss the strange
man and get back to the cabin
after they reach the cabin ally tells
her father that cnn news reported that
the vesps are not surviving in the
colder climates in the northern parts
she also tells them that they are
calling the place the gray and there is
no electricity and people are cut off
from the world because of their devices
batteries dying
later the strange tongueless man whom
ali and hugh met at the town arrives
outside the cabin with some other people
he requests you to follow their cult but
hugh refuses and asks them to leave him
and his family alone the strange
tongueless man writes the girl is
fertile referring to ally immediately
hugh gets a gun and aims at the reverend
the reverend shows him his cut-off
tongue and his group leaves
that night rob messages ali about him
heading north to a place called the
refuse ally's internet dies suddenly
hugh tells kelly that they all have to
head north soon
thunder rumbles as all the family are
asleep
all of a sudden hugh and kelly wake up
they hear a creaking sound from outside
soon lynn wakes up jude ally is still
sleeping all of a sudden a little girl
arrives at their door they all let her
in the little girl is in shock they all
ask the little girl about herself when
they notice her tongue is cut off she is
a member of the cult of the reverend ali
wakes up in her room and looks through
the window
suddenly hugh and kelly see the little
girl is hiding several phones inside her
clothes the phones start ringing the
reverend and their cult have planted
more smartphones around the cabin all of
them start ringing at once and the loud
sound attracts the swarm of vesps they
begin attacking the cabin and some even
break through the window entering the
room they throw the phones in the water
damaging them to make the ring stop but
more phones start ringing suddenly
several members of the cult break into
the cabin and abduct ally lynn follows
the abductors and frees ally to protect
ali from them she sacrifices herself by
screaming and attracting the swimmer
vespers to her and the cult members
while ali runs to the cabin
suddenly the reverend takes ali hostage
with a knife on her throat and abducts
her again
hugh kelly and jude fight back with the
reverend and the cult members and
eventually kill the reverend
finally they free kelly from them the
following day hugh kelly alley and jude
hike north to the place called the
refuse after a long walk they reach
their destination kelly charges her
tablet on an abandoned jeep and receives
a message from rob he had reached the
refuge soon she reunites with him ali
and rob then start hunting the vesps and
begin adapting their survival skills to
live in the changed new world
thanks for watching make sure to like
and comment on the video if you enjoyed
it and subscribe to the channel to see
more of these movie summaries